Update README.md (#27)
getsentry/prevent-action: README.md

| Input  | Description |
| :---       |     :---     |

> | `token` | [Required] Repository token. Used to authorize report uploads. Maybe passed in as an environment variable instead. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `token` | [Required] Repository token. Used to authorize report uploads. Able to be passed in as an environment variable instead. |
```
